c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.Service.dll.config
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.Service.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.Service.pdb
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.DbEntity.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.Logic.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.DbEntity.pdb
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Project.ClinicReception.Logic.pdb
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\obj\Debug\Project.ClinicReception.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\obj\Debug\Project.ClinicReception.Service.dll
c:\users\helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\obj\Debug\Project.ClinicReception.Service.pdb
C:\Users\Helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Helix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ART\ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception\Project.ClinicReception.Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
